--- PAGE 1 ---
Terms and Conditions 
1. General 
1.1. Protocol 21KM 2026 is Organized in accordance to the rules and regulations of Persatuan Rekreasi Global 
Malaysia (PRGM). The Organiser reserves the right to use any photograph, motion picture, recording, or any 
other record of this race and its participants for any legitimate purpose, including promotion, placements and 
commercial advertising. 
1.2. Protocol 21KM 2026 is organised by Persatuan Rekreasi Global Malaysia (PRGM). The Organiser reserves 
the right to cancel or postpone the event without any prior notification, in which case, the fees are non-
refundable. By signing up for this event, you acknowledged your consent to receive future events notification and 
products information from The Organiser via email. 
 
2. Registration 
2.1. Participants must meet the qualifying age to compete in their respective category: 
2.2. Participant must reach the age stipulated above on the 31st of December 2026 to qualify to join the run. 
2.3. Participants below the age of 18 must seek parental or guardian consent and fill in the relevant indemnity 
form when registering online. Failing which, The Organiser reserves the right to refuse entry to the participant. 
2.4. Participants under the age of 13 must be accompanied by a paying adult. 
2.5. Registration will not be accepted after the closing date. 
2.6. Race entry is non-transferable and non-refundable. To ensure that your race details are correct, please 
check and update your personal particulars before the closing date. 
2.7. Please note that only changes to personal particulars will be accepted. The Organiser reserves the right to 
close registration before the official closing date should participation reaches its capacity before the date 
mentioned. 
2.8. The Organiser will not be responsible for any dispute arising from incomplete details given by participants. 
2.9. Participants agreed to abide by all stipulated Rules and Regulations by The Organiser Persatuan Rekreasi 
Global Malaysia (PRGM) upon submission of the registration form and payment made for the purpose of this 
event. 
2.10.The Organiser reserves the right to limit and refuse entries 
2.11.Confirmation slip will be sent to the participant’s email address after the registration is successfully 
complete. Each participant can only take part in a single competitive category. 
2.12.The registration will only be completed when full payment is made. 
2.13.The actual distance of the respective competitive categories will be subjected to further confirmation with the 
sanctioning party before the race event. 
 
3. Race 
3.1. While every reasonable precaution will be taken by The Organiser to ensure participants' safety, participants 
take part at their own risks and The Organiser shall not be liable for any loss and/or damage, whether personal or 
otherwise, and howsoever arising. 
3.2. The Organiser reserves the right to remove any unattended bags at the event premises for security reasons 
and will not be responsible for any losses or damages to the belongings. Only registered runners for the 
respective category are allowed access to the Start Point. 

--- PAGE 2 ---
3.3. Runners must wear their assigned number bib on the front of their running attire near his/her chest area at all 
times during the race. Participants not wearing a number bib will be taken off the course by the officials and may 
result in disqualification. 
3.4. A participant's failure to observe the Rules and Regulations may result in disqualification. 
3.5. A grace period of 5 minutes after the commencement of the race will be given for latecomers. Any participant 
who reports later than this grace period will not be allowed to participate in the race. Latecomers should be aware 
that their timings commence when the race begins. Latecomers are not eligible for prize winning. 
3.6. Road closure will be lifted after 3 hours from the first flag off and the roads will be reopened to vehicular 
traffic. Participants will then continue the race on the footpath at their own risk. Support vehicles or pacers (other 
than officially appointed by The Organiser) are not allowed. 
3.7.  21KM & 10KM Men Open & Women Open categories are open to Malaysian and non-Malaysian. For non-
Malaysian only 2 possible award positions are awared within the 1st – 5th placing. 
3.8.  Participant will receive a T-Shirt, Finisher Medal, e-Certificate, Goodies Bag and entry into the Lucky Draw. 
 
4. Race Pack Collection 
4.1. All registered participants are to collect their race packs which include the Race Bib, Race T-Shirt and race 
pack. Date and venue will be announced soon. 
4.2. Race pack will NOT be issued to the participants after the designated collection period 
4.3. For collection, please bring along the confirmation slip or NRIC/Passport for verification purposes. 
4.4. The Organiser reserves the right to refuse participants without the required documents from collecting their 
race packs. 
4.5. If participants are unable to collect their Race Pack in person, they may authorize a representative to collect 
on behalf. Please download the authorization of collection form from the website. 
 
5. Safety & Medical Advisory 
5.1. Should any participant feel unwell in the course of the race, he/she should stop and seek immediate medical 
attention at designated medical posts. 
5.2. Participants should prepare themselves adequately and gradually increase the duration and intensity of their 
training over several weeks prior to the event. Participants should ensure that they are well-rested and well-
hydrated prior to the run. Participants are advised not to attend the event should they have fever, cough, 
breathing difficulties or severe muscle ache. 
5.3. Participants are advised to consult their medical practitioner to certify them fit to participate in the event. 
Participants who have doubts about their suitability to participate in this event (e.g. those on medication or those 
who have had recent health complaints) are advised to consult their medical practitioner prior to participation in 
the event. 
5.4. To minimize injuries, always do at least 15 minutes of warm-up/stretching before the start and at the end of 
your trainings and on the race day. Participants are advised against the consumption of alcohol or stimulants or 
any kind of drugs within 24 hours of the race day. Participants are advised to dress lightly for the run and ensure 
that they are well-rested & hydrated on the day of the event. 

